The first type of server side caching we will enable is object caching the store's data, such as database
queries into memory.
Redus can be paired with MySQL Almería DB to act as an object cache.
How it works is the first time a WordPress page is loaded.
The database query is performed on the server.
Redus caches the query into memory so that when another user loads the page, there is no need to query
the database again.
As Redus provides, the previously cached query results from memory thus drastically increases page
load speeds and reduces the impact on server database resources.
There are some sites that don't make great use of page caching, ecommerce sites, membership sites,
forums, discussion boards, blogs with extremely active comment sections and other types of highly
dynamic websites.
Highly dynamic websites are good candidates for a persistent object caching option such as Redus.
Readers will generally not help the load time of static blogs, informational business websites, news
websites as these sites are better suited to page caching.
Redus has a limited amount of memory for cashing badly coded WordPress plugins often store a huge amount
of data in the database.
What happens when a plugin attempts to store a huge image or video in the database?
Readers will try to store the result of the square in its buffer, but it will run out of memory.
Then it will start to delete previously cache content on a first in, first out basis.
If the queries results are big enough and no actual content would be cached because it would be removed
before being served a second time.
In this case, your website would actually slow down because not only would you fail to spare this load
on the MySQL service, but you would add another service in the process that requires its own computing
time.
The Raiders package is near Boonchu Repository is relatively outdated, so we need to add a third party
repository that contains the latest version of Raiders.
Please ensure you logged into your server, that's the repository that contains the latest version of
Redus Sudo Adept Repository, PPA, Kolon, Chris Hyphen, Lya Slash Redus hyphen server.
It's always good practice to update the packages on your server after adding a repository to the server
sudo app to get update.
We need to install two packages.
We deciphered server and seven point two 1/2 and Redus SUDEP get installed, followed by the package
names.
Yes, we want to continue.
Reduced hyphen server double hyphen version five point zero five.
You can type Redus Seelie to access the Redus command line interface.
Typing Ping will return Pong Redus has been installed successfully, you can type exit to return to
the command prompt.
We need to configure the Raiders cash policy, we will set the maximum memory available for caching
and also set the eviction policy for when the cache memory becomes full and we need to replace old data
with new data.
The configuration file rate, not SEO enough and its location is slash etsi slash Redus.
Can change to the XY slash Redus directory.
Make it back up to DCP file, name the space file name Dot Beeac.
You can open Redus dot com and if using Nenna control w we want to search, you can type in MEXT memory
control W and Presenta, we need to find the line max memory bytes.
You can uncommented that particular line, remove bytes and change it to 128 megabytes.
This value is dependent on your server memory.
I don't recommend installing routers on a one gigabyte server, 128 megabyte on a two gigabyte server
for gigabyte.
You can start increasing that value to 256 and scroll a little way down.
Max.
Memory policy.
It says no eviction and comment.
That line you can remove no eviction.
Max, memory policy, you can type in all keys, hyphen, URL, or you least recently used the max memory
configuration is used in order to configure readers to use a specified amount of memory for the cache,
all keys, LRU, IPv6 keys, but trying to remove the less recently used keys first in order to make
space for the new data that is being added, you can close NENO saving your changes to Reader Stotsky
in.
If we've made a change to the radius configuration, we need to restart the reader service.
Suda System Qty.
I'll restart Redus IFN server.
Also good practice to restart the FPM service SUDA System ctrl restart seven point two hyphen FPM.
We need to edit WP config to add a cache key salt with the name of your site and define WP underscore
cache as true to create a persistent cache with a WordPress Redus object cache plug in, which we will
be adding.
You can change to your side's public HTML directory.
You can open up half an config using nano.
The line defined WP kishke salt, you can comment.
Underneath you add define WP kishke salt, you then add your sights, you Aurel.
You also need to add the line to find WPE cash true, you can close WP config saving your changes.
We need to install the Redus object cash plug in in order for WordPress to make use of Redus as an object
cache WP plugin search Redus.
My very first entry Redus Object Cash.
The slug is Redus Cash.
I'm going to copy the slug.
WP plugin install Redus, IFN Cash.
After installing any plug ins or changing themes, run the WordPress ownership and permissions script
in your home directory.
I've opened my site's dashboard.
I can go to plug ins, installed plug ins.
There is Redus Object Cash activated.
We can then go to settings.
Enable object cache.
Object cache enable.
If you are going to install and use Redus with W3 Total Cash, do not install the Redus object cash,
plug in BTC will control Redus.
It's important that you test your site thoroughly after enabling object caching, review all critical
processes on your website to ensure that cached objects are not being reused incorrectly.
If you find a cached objects are being used incorrectly, it may be possible to exclude specific groups
of objects from object caching.
Manipulating object cache performance is way outside the scope of this course.
It requires the involvement of a suitable and experienced WordPress developer.
In this lecture, you configured object caching on your server.